Here I am with a ninth generation
medicine man and what do I want to ask
him about getting closer to God
nope I want to discuss my relationship
since I was 15 I've either been with a
guy your underwear my cream just folded
my delicates you are in so much trouble
or breaking up with a guy I haven't had
so much as two weeks just to deal with
myself what did you have for lunch today
Oh salad exactly I used to have this
appetite for food for life and it's just
gone I want to go someplace where I can
marvel at something I'm going to Italy
India and I'm going to end the year in
bomb
you put the water in they stop that
doesn't seem like enough water
everything that's important that gets a
clean dead in having a relationship with
my feet separate this is my note card
left behind experiment and going for it
[Music]
why'd you come here I wanted to find my
balance you want to get to the castle
you got to swim the moat do you always
talk in bumper-sticker every day you
have no sex for a long time baby I pray
for you
I have the perfect man for you
that's exactly opposite of why I'm
actually here if you could clear all
that space in your mind you know what
the universe' do here it's my number in
case you need a tour guide at the
Goodman
you don't need a man Liz you need a
champion
your life's changing it's not a bad
thing
hey son good
[Music]
but this to complain about I'm starving
where should we go we should go to the
best restaurant in town of course my
place fat off
[Music]